README.md, before:

# Angular CDK drag-and-drop problem repro

This repository reproduces a problem with [the Angular CDK drag-and-drop module](https://material.angular.io/cdk/drag-drop/overview).

I would expect all three cards to have working drag-and-drop lists that allow the user to reorder the same underlying words list.

In fact, the middle one does not work, because it is generated by a `*ngFor` over the result of a method on the component. Trying to drag and drop words in this card simply does not do anything; there is no compile error, or any error or warning on the JavaScript console.

In the final card, the exact same array of `DisplayedWord`s is generated and stored as a member on the component; when you do this, the drag-and-drop starts working again. But this is inconvenient and error-prone, because the programmer must manually ensure the member is updated whenever the underlying `words` member changes. This undermines one of the core benefits of Angular.

I regard this as a bug in the Angular CDK, or at least as a surprising, counter-intuitive, undocumented limitation. Since a `cdkDropListDropped` function is being supplied to perform the actual reordering of the underlying data structure, I see no reason in principle why this shouldn't work.

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 11.1.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Add reference to filed issue

README.md, after:

# Angular CDK drag-and-drop problem repro

This repository reproduces a problem with [the Angular CDK drag-and-drop module](https://material.angular.io/cdk/drag-drop/overview).

I would expect all three cards to have working drag-and-drop lists that allow the user to reorder the same underlying words list.

In fact, the middle one does not work, because it is generated by a `*ngFor` over the result of a method on the component. Trying to drag and drop words in this card simply does not do anything; there is no compile error, or any error or warning on the JavaScript console.

In the final card, the exact same array of `DisplayedWord`s is generated and stored as a member on the component; when you do this, the drag-and-drop starts working again. But this is inconvenient and error-prone, because the programmer must manually ensure the member is updated whenever the underlying `words` member changes. This undermines one of the core benefits of Angular.

I regard this as a bug in the Angular CDK, or at least as a surprising, counter-intuitive, undocumented limitation. Since a `cdkDropListDropped` function is being supplied to perform the actual reordering of the underlying data structure, I see no reason in principle why this shouldn't work.

This was raised as the following issue in the `angular/components` project: https://github.com/angular/components/issues/21682

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 11.1.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
